README.md, before:

# Metabolic Health and Sleep Cross Analysis

Sleep, or lack of, can highly impact your metabolic health.
If you track your sleep with Whoop and glucose with Levels, 
this [app](https://share.streamlit.io/jbpauly/glucose-sleep-analysis/main/src/app.py)
enables you to cross analyze your sleep metrics glucose data.

![](src/content/analysis.gif)

## Try it out!
1. [Launch the app](https://share.streamlit.io/jbpauly/glucose-sleep-analysis/main/src/app.py)
2. Download your [Freestyle Libre glucose data](https://www.libreview.com/)
3. Download your [Whoop sleep summary data](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q9tU4tkBLUi6oFsdLsO9HnOuMC-TEkrBXNoNXvLQt3Q/edit#gid=1913656685)
    - Follow the [How To video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x19G39cXkoM)
    - Download **only** the 'Whoop' sheet as a CSV

#### Learn more about the [Whoop api](https://github.com/pelo-tech/whoop-api-spec)
Thank you [Pelo-Tech](https://github.com/pelo-tech) and [DovOps](https://github.com/DovOps)
for creating the api and GUI!

## How to run in your own environment
The app requires Python 3.7. **Create a new virtual environment**, then run:

```
git clone https://github.com/jbpauly/glucose-sleep-analysis.git
cd glucose-sleep-analysis
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd src
streamlit run main.py
```

## Roadmap
1. Close out code coverage with tests.
2. Add data dictionary and clean up parameter names.
3. Calculate previous day strain metrics.
4. Investigate how the FreeStyle Libre device historizes data (on change vs interval) and adjust aggregations if needed.
5. Add best-fit-line & clustering features
6. Integrate with [whoop-api-spec](https://github.com/pelo-tech/whoop-api-spec) 
so users can request Whoop sleep data directly from app instead using the [google-sheet GUI](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q9tU4tkBLUi6oFsdLsO9HnOuMC-TEkrBXNoNXvLQt3Q/edit#gid=1913656685)
7. Add option to download analysis dataset.

## Questions, comments, or suggestions?
This app new and will likely break at some point. 
It has not be tested with a large number of unique datasets,
Please let me know if you run into problems by submitting an [Issue](https://github.com/jbpauly/glucose-sleep-analysis/issues)

Commit message:

Dev (#11)
* rebase from main

* rebase from main

* added caching

* caching bug

* readme fix

* add git to readme

* add gif to readme

* feature labeling

* page icon and title

* simplify about me

* Dynamic events (#7)

* Cross analyze Whoop, Levels, and Zero data.

* app update

* cache updates

* Dynamic events (#8)

* Cross analyze Whoop, Levels, and Zero data.

* app update

* cache updates

* default updates

* Dynamic events (#9)

* Cross analyze Whoop, Levels, and Zero data.

* app update

* cache updates

* default updates

* change to plotly plot

* Total Upgrade

* Formatting updates.

* Grammar Fix

* added research section

* improve correlation matrix color scheme

* Enhancements to Analyze Your Data section

* readme update

* url update

* content and grammar updates

* welcome gif url

README.md, after:

# Metabolic Health and Lifestyle Metrics Cross Analysis

As you actively work on your metabolic fitness, 
it's important to understand the impact of environmental variables, not just nutrition.

[This application](https://share.streamlit.io/jbpauly/glucose-sleep-analysis/main/src/app.py)
allows you to upload your Levels, Zero Fasting, and Whoop data and analyze the results for yourself.

![](src/content/analysis.gif)

## Try it out!
1. Log your Levels Metabolic Scores and Save as a CSV ([view template](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uqkZBKDaJqoXVy18jEXOv94Dx00D-X_etJEz_IFvV6M/edit?usp=sharing))
    - Two Columns: Date, Metabolic Score
    - Descending by date (oldest to newest)
    - Save as a CSV file
2. Export Zero Fasting Log and re-save as a CSV
    - In app instructions 
        - Me (lower right) -> Settings (upper right) -> My Data -> Export Data
    - Check if file exports as a TXT or CSV file and re-save as a CSV if necessary
3. Download your [Whoop sleep summary data](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q9tU4tkBLUi6oFsdLsO9HnOuMC-TEkrBXNoNXvLQt3Q/edit#gid=1913656685)
    - Follow the [How To video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x19G39cXkoM)
    - Download **only** the 'Whoop' sheet as a CSV
4. Upload your data

#### Learn more about the [Whoop api](https://github.com/pelo-tech/whoop-api-spec)
Thank you [Pelo-Tech](https://github.com/pelo-tech) and [DovOps](https://github.com/DovOps)
for creating the api and GUI!

## How to run in your own environment
The app requires Python 3.7. **Create a new virtual environment**, then run:

```
git clone https://github.com/jbpauly/glucose-sleep-analysis.git
cd glucose-sleep-analysis
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd src
streamlit run main.py
```

## Roadmap
1. Close out code coverage with tests
2. Enhance Zero module to work with 24+ hour long fasts
3. Add 'data pruning' functionality
3. Add confidence intervals to regression lines
4. Create a 'binning' function and functionality to bin any continuous variable 
5. Integrate with [whoop-api-spec](https://github.com/pelo-tech/whoop-api-spec) 
so users can request Whoop sleep data directly from app instead using the [google-sheet GUI](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1q9tU4tkBLUi6oFsdLsO9HnOuMC-TEkrBXNoNXvLQt3Q/edit#gid=1913656685)
6. Add functionality with other datasets / sources (if requested).

## Questions, comments, or suggestions?
This app new and will likely break at some point. 
It has not be tested with a large number of unique datasets,
Please let me know if you run into problems by submitting an [Issue](https://github.com/jbpauly/glucose-sleep-analysis/issues)
